Our program is equitable in use. The program runs on all computers and laptops, not matter the model. All users and
players see the same program when the program is run. The design of the game is very appealing through the use of
bright colors and very simple instructions. Unfortunately, due to the nature of the game, we can't allow for multiple
ways to play the game or accommodate for the users accuracy and precision since we are mirroring Flappy Bird. However,
the program is flexible in use because we provide adaptability to the user's pace since the game doesn't speed up as you
go on unlike the original Flappy Bird. Our program is very simple to use, from basic instructions to create an account
to playing the game that only uses the up key and the down key. If the user presses the up key, the "bird" moves and
with similar action for the down key. If the user makes an error while logging in, the program will alert the user they
have made a mistake and to try again. To accommodate for a wide range of literacy and language skills, we used very
basic and clear sentences so user error is low. We also provide a "How to play" option for the user before the start of
the game. This is how our program fulfills the Simple and Intuitive Use universal design. By changing our menu options
from a terminal display to being presented as a GUI, we've allowed information for the user to read and choose from to
be more perceptible. We used pictorial presentation for the essential information to run the game and all other options.
To satisfy Tolerance for Error universal design pattern, in our login instructions, we stated the minimum and maximum
length for username and passwords to ensure every new user is unique is our database of usernames and passwords.
Otherwise, there would multiple users with the same information which would make login more error-prone. There is very
low physical effort involved in entire program. Though it must be done at a computer, you sit, stand or lay back while
playing the game. The only repetitive action is in the keys used for the game, but there is no guarantee you'll perform
the same keystrokes each time you run the game. This is how our is acquires the Low Physical Effort and Size and Space
for Approach and Use universal design pattern.